[‎9/‎4/‎2018 11:52 AM]  Srikanth, Jambula:  
I am working as Software engineer in a Service based soft... 
I am working as Software engineer in a Service based software company.I have joined as a fresher in this company one year ago.
As these are the early stages of my career,my pay scale is very less when compared with the senior and experienced folks.
Along with this,as I am in a service based company my pay scale and hikes are also less.
I am from Andhra Pradesh but living in Bangalore city for my job where the cost of living is very high.
As my home town and place of living are both different, my expenses are quite high as I need to take care of my self in the current living city and also my parents 
who are living in my home town.
My parents livelihood is based on Agriculture and I am the one who need to support them in all the situations as the income from Agriculture is not uniform through out the
year and these days it is even less than normal.
Recently,my mother got hospitalized with an issue when they are in their work.
I have asked them to stop the work as they are becoming old and it is not advisable to work.
In all the above situations,I need to support my family as I am the one who is an earner.
It would be very difficult to start learning by paying and manage my livelihood in the current city with my parents in my home town,.
Considering all the above sitautions,I am applying for financial aid 
 

Currently,I am working in Service based software company which strives for the Client with the resources available with it.
Due to this,I was put into support project where my duty is to monitor for the jobs that are running on daily basis.
This does not involve any high level coding and expertise but only continuous practice and working with the Knowledge Transfer(KT)
This is not even having any challenges to face except some manual work as I need to just monitor and inform upstream team to take necessary action if
any issue arises.
Even with the work I am doing and the knowledge I have gained with this work,will not help me in any way If I move from this and search a new job.
So as to increase my knowledge for my career and to be confident in all the aspects in the course which I am going to attend,I am feeling that this
course would be helpful.
The knowledge gap which I had due to various reasons either personal or official,I want to remove that gap by enhancing the knowledge.
This requires the suitable platform where learning can be done both theoretically and practically with the subject experts who are having enough industrial
experience and expertise.
This not only enhances the knowledge but also gives the real world situations and scenarious which they have faced in their career and the steps to be taken to 
solve them.With all these things,I hope this course would help me to get all the above. 